[Outlook] (JS) Update var to let or const in JavaScript code (#3530)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/tips-for-handling-date-values-in-outlook-add-ins.md

### Date-related API

The following are the properties and methods in the Office JavaScript API that support date-related features.

|API member|Time zone representation|Example in an Outlook rich client|Example in Outlook on the web or mobile devices|
|--------------|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------|
|[Office.context.mailbox.userProfile.timeZone](/javascript/api/outlook/office.userprofile?view=outlook-js-preview&preserve-view=true#outlook-office-userprofile-timezone-member)|In an Outlook rich client, this property returns the client computer time zone. In Outlook on the web and mobile devices, this property returns the EAC time zone. |EST|PST|

> |[Office.context.mailbox.item.dateTimeCreated](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item#properties) and [Office.context.mailbox.item.dateTimeModified](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item#properties)|Each of these properties returns a JavaScript `Date` object. This `Date` value is UTC-correct, as shown in the following example - `myUTCDate` has the same value in an Outlook rich client, Outlook on the web and mobile devices.<br/><br/>`const myDate = Office.mailbox.item.dateTimeCreated;`<br/>`const myUTCDate = myDate.getUTCDate;`<br/><br/>However, calling  `myDate.getDate` returns a date value in the client computer time zone, which is consistent with the time zone used to display date times values in the Outlook rich client interface, but may be different from the EAC time zone that Outlook on the web and mobile devices use in its user interface.|If the item is created at 9am UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`<br/>`dateTimeCreated.getHours` returns 4am EST.<br/><br/>If the item is modified at 11am UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`<br/>`dateTimeModified.getHours` returns 6am EST.|If the item creation time is 9am UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`</br>`dateTimeCreated.getHours` returns 4am EST.<br/><br/>If the item is modified at 11am UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`</br>`dateTimeModified.getHours` returns 6am EST.<br/><br/>Notice that if you want to display the creation or modification time in the user interface, you would want to first convert the time to PST to be consistent with the rest of the user interface.|

Reviewer: Do you know what the format of the output is? I adjusted how we note the input UTC time, but not the output time. The output time may need to be adjusted too.
```suggestion
|[Office.context.mailbox.item.dateTimeCreated](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item#properties) and [Office.context.mailbox.item.dateTimeModified](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item#properties)|Each of these properties returns a JavaScript `Date` object. This `Date` value is UTC-correct, as shown in the following example - `myUTCDate` has the same value in an Outlook rich client, Outlook on the web and mobile devices.<br/><br/>`const myDate = Office.mailbox.item.dateTimeCreated;`<br/>`const myUTCDate = myDate.getUTCDate;`<br/><br/>However, calling  `myDate.getDate` returns a date value in the client computer time zone, which is consistent with the time zone used to display date times values in the Outlook rich client interface, but may be different from the EAC time zone that Outlook on the web and mobile devices use in its user interface.|If the item is created at 9 AM UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`<br/>`dateTimeCreated.getHours` returns 4am EST.<br/><br/>If the item is modified at 11 AM UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`<br/>`dateTimeModified.getHours` returns 6am EST.|If the item creation time is 9 AM UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`</br>`dateTimeCreated.getHours` returns 4am EST.<br/><br/>If the item is modified at 11 AM UTC:<br/><br/>`Office.mailbox.item.`</br>`dateTimeModified.getHours` returns 6am EST.<br/><br/>Notice that if you want to display the creation or modification time in the user interface, you would want to first convert the time to PST to be consistent with the rest of the user interface.|
```

Author: Thanks for noting this. I'm not sure about output format. I'll address this in a separate PR after looking into it further.
